Last item
I'm sure everyone is for this lot
Then came the Nancheng land contract
I heard recently
Diyun Group is preparing to plan land in Nancheng
Develop Entertainment City
If anyone owns this land
I believe in the later benefits
Is extremely impressive
Whoever wins this contract
You can get it.
Opportunity to cooperate with Diyuan Group?
Yeah, yeah.
Opportunity is rare
However, Rendiyuan Group
No real news was released
In case this land is not developed
Then this land will fall into the hands
Okay, okay.
Not much to say
South Korean land auction starts now
The starting price is 100 million
Five billion, 10 billion.
2 billion 3 billion
3 billion zero
The Ye family is really unruly
Let a piece of trash fall here to haggle
One more piece than others every time
It's embarrassing
I just bid more than you.
Can you do it? You 5 billion
10 billion 15 billion
20 billion the cost of this land is 100 million
The industrialist is so promising
Looks like it's true 30 billion